docs/index.md, before:

# Policies Per AWS Service

### Amazon API Gateway V2
- [enable-access-logs](./policies/apigatewayv2-enable-access-logs.md) Access logging should be configured for API Gateway V2 Stages

### Amazon Athena
- [enable-logging](./policies/athena-enable-logging.md) Athena workgroups should have logging enabled

### Database Migration Service
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/dms-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) DMS replication instances should have automatic minor version upgrade enabled
- [use-ssl](./policies/dms-use-ssl.md) DMS endpoints should use SSL

### DynamoDB
- [enable-dax-at-rest-encryption](./policies/dynamodb-dax-enable-in-transit-encryption.md) Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) clusters should be encrypted at rest

- [enable-dax-in-transit-encryption](./policies/dynamodb-dax-enable-in-transit-encryption.md) Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) clusters should be encrypted in transit

### Elastic File System
- [enable-at-rest-encryption](./policies/efs-enable-at-rest-encryption.md) Elastic File Systems should be configured to encrypt data at-rest using AWS KMS

### Amazon ECR
- [enable-private-image-scanning](./policies/ecr-enable-private-image-scanning.md) ECR private repositories should have image scanning configured
- [configure-private-lifecycle-policy](./policies/ecr-configure-private-lifecycle-policy.md) ECR repositories should have at least one lifecycle policy configured

### Amazon ECS
- [enable-container-insights](./policies/ecs-enable-container-insights.md) ECS clusters should use Container Insights
- [disable-taskset-assign-public-ip](./policies/ecs-disable-taskset-assign-public-ip.md) ECS task sets should not automatically assign public IP addresses

### Amazon ElastiCache
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/elasticache-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) ElastiCache clusters should have automatic minor version upgrades enabled


### AWS Glue
- [spark-job-supported-version](./policies/glue-spark-job-supported-version.md) AWS Glue Spark jobs should run on supported versions of AWS Glue

### Kinesis Data Streams
- [enable-server-side-encryption](./policies/kinesis-enable-server-side-encryption.md) Kinesis streams should be encrypted at rest

### AWS KMS
- [enable-key-rotation](./policies/kms-enable-key-rotation.md) AWS KMS key rotation should be enabled

### Amazon MQ
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/mq-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) Amazon MQ brokers should have automatic minor version upgrade enabled

### Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
- [enable-server-side-encryption](./policies/firehose-enable-server-side-encryption.md) Firehose delivery streams should be encrypted at rest using AWS KMS

### Amazon Relational Database Service
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/rds-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) RDS automatic minor version upgrades should be enabled

### Amazon SQS
- [enable-at-rest-encryption](./policies/sqs-enable-at-rest-encryption.md) Amazon SQS queues should be encrypted at rest

### AWS Step Functions
- [enable-logging](./policies/enable-logging.md) Step Functions state machines should have logging turned on

Commit message:

Add new policy dms-disable-public-access

docs/index.md, after:

# Policies Per AWS Service

### Amazon API Gateway V2
- [enable-access-logs](./policies/apigatewayv2-enable-access-logs.md) Access logging should be configured for API Gateway V2 Stages

### Amazon Athena
- [enable-logging](./policies/athena-enable-logging.md) Athena workgroups should have logging enabled

### Database Migration Service
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/dms-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) DMS replication instances should have automatic minor version upgrade enabled
- [use-ssl](./policies/dms-use-ssl.md) DMS endpoints should use SSL
- [disable-public-access](./policies/dms-disable-public-access.md) Database Migration Service replication instances should not be public

### DynamoDB
- [enable-dax-at-rest-encryption](./policies/dynamodb-dax-enable-in-transit-encryption.md) Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) clusters should be encrypted at rest

- [enable-dax-in-transit-encryption](./policies/dynamodb-dax-enable-in-transit-encryption.md) Amazon DynamoDB Accelerator (DAX) clusters should be encrypted in transit

### Elastic File System
- [enable-at-rest-encryption](./policies/efs-enable-at-rest-encryption.md) Elastic File Systems should be configured to encrypt data at-rest using AWS KMS

### Amazon ECR
- [enable-private-image-scanning](./policies/ecr-enable-private-image-scanning.md) ECR private repositories should have image scanning configured
- [configure-private-lifecycle-policy](./policies/ecr-configure-private-lifecycle-policy.md) ECR repositories should have at least one lifecycle policy configured

### Amazon ECS
- [enable-container-insights](./policies/ecs-enable-container-insights.md) ECS clusters should use Container Insights
- [disable-taskset-assign-public-ip](./policies/ecs-disable-taskset-assign-public-ip.md) ECS task sets should not automatically assign public IP addresses

### Amazon ElastiCache
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/elasticache-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) ElastiCache clusters should have automatic minor version upgrades enabled


### AWS Glue
- [spark-job-supported-version](./policies/glue-spark-job-supported-version.md) AWS Glue Spark jobs should run on supported versions of AWS Glue

### Kinesis Data Streams
- [enable-server-side-encryption](./policies/kinesis-enable-server-side-encryption.md) Kinesis streams should be encrypted at rest

### AWS KMS
- [enable-key-rotation](./policies/kms-enable-key-rotation.md) AWS KMS key rotation should be enabled

### Amazon MQ
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/mq-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) Amazon MQ brokers should have automatic minor version upgrade enabled

### Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose
- [enable-server-side-encryption](./policies/firehose-enable-server-side-encryption.md) Firehose delivery streams should be encrypted at rest using AWS KMS

### Amazon Relational Database Service
- [enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade](./policies/rds-enable-auto-minor-version-upgrade.md) RDS automatic minor version upgrades should be enabled

### Amazon SQS
- [enable-at-rest-encryption](./policies/sqs-enable-at-rest-encryption.md) Amazon SQS queues should be encrypted at rest

### AWS Step Functions
- [enable-logging](./policies/enable-logging.md) Step Functions state machines should have logging turned on
